# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via
    #   fiddle
    #   tensorboard
accelerate==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
aiodns==3.5.0
    # via aiohttp
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   fsspec
    #   runpod
aiohttp-retry==2.9.1
    # via runpod
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
astroid==3.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   csvw
    #   jsonschema
    #   phonemizer
    #   referencing
audioread==3.0.1
    # via
    #   lhotse
    #   librosa
azure-ai-documentintelligence==1.0.2
    # via markitdown
azure-core==1.35.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-identity
azure-identity==1.23.0
    # via markitdown
babel==2.17.0
    # via csvw
backoff==2.2.1
    # via runpod
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   bs4
    #   markdownify
    #   markitdown
bitsandbytes==0.45.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
boto3==1.39.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   runpod
botocore==1.39.4
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
braceexpand==0.1.7
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   webdataset
brotli==1.1.0
    # via aiohttp
bs4==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pycares
    #   pynacl
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   markitdown
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jiwer
    #   lhotse
    #   magika
    #   nltk
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   runpod
    #   sacremoses
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
cobble==0.1.4
    # via mammoth
colorama==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   csvw
    #   runpod
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pyjwt
    #   runpod
csvw==3.5.1
    # via segments
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cytoolz==1.0.1
    # via lhotse
datasets==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nemo-toolkit
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   librosa
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   markitdown
    #   youtube-transcript-api
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
distance==0.1.3
    # via g2p-en
distro==1.9.0
    # via anthropic
dlinfo==2.0.0
    # via phonemizer
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   num2words
    #   pyannote-metrics
editdistance==0.8.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
einops==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nemo-toolkit
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   runpod
fastapi-cli==0.0.8
    # via fastapi
fastapi-cloud-cli==0.1.2
    # via fastapi-cli
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ffmpy==0.6.0
    # via gradio
fiddle==0.3.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.58.5
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   ffmpeg-python
    #   pyloudnorm
g2p-en==2.1.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via wandb
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-ndb
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.176.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-datastore==2.21.0
    # via google-cloud-ndb
google-cloud-ndb==2.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
gradio==5.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==1.10.4
    # via gradio
graphviz==0.21
    # via fiddle
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
groovy==0.1.2
    # via gradio
grpcio==1.73.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   safehttpx
huggingface-hub==0.33.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   peft
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hydra-core==1.3.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inflect==7.5.0
    # via
    #   g2p-en
    #   nemo-toolkit
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
inquirerpy==0.3.4
    # via runpod
intervaltree==3.1.0
    # via lhotse
ipython==9.4.0
    # via mediapy
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   csvw
isort==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   torch
jiter==0.9.0
    # via anthropic
jiwer==3.1.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   nltk
    #   phonemizer
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via csvw
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kaldi-python-io==1.2.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
kaldiio==2.18.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
language-tags==1.2.0
    # via csvw
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via librosa
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
levenshtein==0.27.1
    # via texterrors
lhotse==1.30.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
libcst==1.8.2
    # via fiddle
librosa==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nemo-toolkit
lightning==2.4.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
lightning-utilities==0.14.3
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
lilcom==1.8.1
    # via lhotse
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
loguru==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   texterrors
lxml==6.0.0
    # via
    #   markitdown
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
magika==0.6.2
    # via markitdown
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
mammoth==1.9.1
    # via markitdown
markdown==3.8.2
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdownify==1.1.0
    # via markitdown
markitdown==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==4.0.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   mediapy
    #   pyannote-metrics
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mediapy==1.1.6
    # via nemo-toolkit
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via inflect
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via librosa
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
munch==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nemo-toolkit==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   g2p-en
num2words==0.5.14
    # via nemo-toolkit
numba==0.61.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   resampy
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   g2p-en
    #   gradio
    #   kaldi-python-io
    #   kaldiio
    #   lhotse
    #   librosa
    #   lilcom
    #   magika
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapy
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   numba
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyloudnorm
    #   resampy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   sox
    #   soxr
    #   tensorboard
    #   texterrors
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   webdataset
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
olefile==0.47
    # via markitdown
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hydra-core
    #   nemo-toolkit
onnx==1.17.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
onnxruntime==1.22.0
    # via magika
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via markitdown
optuna==4.4.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hydra-core
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lhotse
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   onnxruntime
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pooch
    #   pytesseract
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   markitdown
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via runpod
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pdfminer-six==20250506
    # via markitdown
peft==0.16.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pfzy==0.3.4
    # via inquirerpy
phonemizer==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapy
    #   pytesseract
    #   python-pptx
plac==1.4.5
    # via texterrors
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   pooch
    #   wandb
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
pooch==1.8.2
    # via librosa
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via runpod
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   inquirerpy
    #   ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
protobuf==4.24.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-ndb
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via runpod
pyannote-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
pyannote-database==5.1.3
    # via pyannote-metrics
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via datasets
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pybind11==2.13.6
    # via texterrors
pycares==4.9.0
    # via aiodns
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   gradio
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   wandb
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.10.5
    # via fastapi
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via fastapi
pydub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   markitdown
    #   nemo-toolkit
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via msal
pyloudnorm==0.1.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via google-cloud-ndb
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   rdflib
pypdf2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   csvw
    #   matplotlib
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pandas
python-docx==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   magika
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markitdown
pytorch-lightning==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-ndb
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lhotse
    #   libcst
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
    #   webdataset
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via
    #   jiwer
    #   levenshtein
rdflib==7.1.4
    # via csvw
redis==6.2.0
    # via google-cloud-ndb
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   segments
    #   texterrors
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   csvw
    #   datasets
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   markitdown
    #   msal
    #   pooch
    #   requests-futures
    #   runpod
    #   stripe
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
    #   youtube-transcript-api
requests-futures==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
resampy==0.4.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
rfc3986==1.5.0
    # via csvw
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.14.8
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
rignore==0.5.1
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via nemo-toolkit
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.12.2
    # via gradio
runpod==1.7.12
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via boto3
sacremoses==0.1.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-metrics
scipy==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyloudnorm
    #   scikit-learn
segments==2.3.0
    # via phonemizer
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nemo-toolkit
sentry-sdk==2.32.0
    # via
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   wandb
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gunicorn
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch
    #   triton
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   markdownify
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   intervaltree
    #   pyannote-core
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via
    #   lhotse
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sox==1.5.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via librosa
speechrecognition==3.14.3
    # via markitdown
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
stripe==12.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   lhotse
    #   pyannote-metrics
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nemo-toolkit
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via texterrors
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
texterrors==0.5.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via runpod
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   runpod
toolz==1.0.0
    # via cytoolz
torch==2.7.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   lhotse
    #   lightning
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==1.7.4
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lhotse
    #   lightning
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nltk
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sacremoses
    #   tqdm-loggable
    #   transformers
tqdm-loggable==0.2
    # via runpod
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.51.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   peft
triton==3.3.1
    # via torch
typeguard==4.4.2
    # via inflect
typer==0.16.0
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   gradio
    #   pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   fiddle
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   phonemizer
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   sox
    #   speechrecognition
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   stripe
    #   torch
    #   typeguard
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
    #   wandb
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   csvw
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   runpod
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   gradio
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
wandb==0.21.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via runpod
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   ftfy
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
webdataset==1.0.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
websockets==12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio-client
    #   uvicorn
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wget==3.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nemo-toolkit
xlrd==2.0.2
    # via markitdown
xlsxwriter==3.2.5
    # via python-pptx
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
youtube-dl==2021.12.17
    # via -r requirements.in
youtube-transcript-api==1.0.3
    # via markitdown
